You can lift 400 kilos.
I think you are crazy about taking too much medicine.
Do you think taking medicine can solve all problems?
What brain is shit
Do you know what grade 400kg is?
That's Olympic third place.
Carving things doesn't work
Don't be impulsive with you.
It's Ruolan, it's a 400kg decade
Even he, Zhao Wanglong, couldn't lift it
What's more, what about you?
Don't be as brave as your father
If you lift it by force, there will be sequelae.
It will never end again
Dad Principal
Don't worry.
I am measured
I have never weighed less than 400 kilograms in an Olympic competition
Zhao Wanglong, if I lift this 400 kilograms for 10 years
Does that prove that you are slandering me?
Or let me punish you
If you can lift 400 kilos
I will prove your innocence.
And I'm willing to take your 20 lashes
But if you can't lift it
You and your father are going to get 20 lashes from me
And give me all your belongings
Then get out of Zhaojiacun overnight
Come out and give them your belongings and leave Zhaojiacun
It's okay, don't be impulsive.
Dad, don't worry.
I won't let you down.
Ok I promise you
Keep your eyes open and take a good look